yours are transparent
so a couple years ago and spieser and
Rebecca things and I got together to
design a garden for the Texas State Fair
and at that time we did a butterfly
garden and I did a big mosaic sculpture
for that that was a better fly and then
we went a little nuts and came up with
some more wild ideas and landed on the
pink flamingo idea at first thinking it
would be a real campy project and doing
kind of trailer park trash flamingos and
having them have a great big red lips
and big false eyelashes and we were
gonna put like a trailer in there and
trailer and tile probably yeah yeah and
so now it has become a little more
dignified a little more in in line with
the architecture of exposition Park
where the Texas State Fair is so an art
deco feel absolutely absolutely so we
have these Art Deco
that I've seen so far is the variety of
artistic measure that's going into each
of the birds they're all very different
I've seen it just a couple of them you
can clap there are nine birds all
together I've heard and handful you
you've made a little army of mosaic
artists to help you with this tell me
about how that's going it's going great
I couldn't do this without them so we
have seven artists working on their own
pink flamingos so did you know when you
decided to do this that you were gonna
draft soldiers into this flamingo army
or did this evolve how did that come
about that you're coordinating a bunch
of people a bunch of birds
it was pure inspiration actually at one
point I was thinking okay how am I gonna
make all these birds myself there's just
no way and then the idea just came to me
I was like we're gonna be fun to have
other artists participate in the project
three of them I'm creating each of them
has been sponsored by a different
participants and the artists who are
working on their pink flamingos get to
take them home with them after the fair
what is this going on really soon really
soon you don't mind working against a
deadline set you know it's been really
fabulous I don't think I've produced
this much work in such a tight period of
time ever and I like it I like what's
what's happening with the work as I work
inside of this deadline with such a big
project so you asked when the works
going up it goes before the opening of
the State Fair which opens this
September 26
you